Hi! I go by Shane. So, my name is Shane W. Johns, 15 year Oregon resident. I am a homeless Justice Involved Individual who was just released from custody and is on probation, journeying with fervor and zeal through the early stages of recovery. I'm 5 months sober. Just got my GED with flying colors. Enrolled in college. Signed up for financial aids and grants, have a full ride ahead of me. Training at the gym daily. Start martial arts classes next week. All of this while living outside, recovering from extreme mental illness, and processing my self inflicted trauma with replicatable successful integration of my fractured psyche.

By suffering well through these last 5 years on the street and in and out of jail, I have learned humility like I never knew before. I had at this point lost literally everything and the only option left was to recover my honor and rebuild with discipline, focus, and unrelenting faith that through honor, discipline, integrity and compassion - anything is possible. I am the architect of my own suffering, there is always something to learn from a situation and I do not intend to let any of this happen to me anymore. I am proud to say that I was not full of shit all these years and astounding results are approaching, so long as my humility, discipline, focus, integrity, honor and compassion remain intact. I will make up for my dishonor in spades and hearts.

I have about 15 years of working in restaurants I've been a manager at every job I've worked at... I've been a trainer at every job I'm highly capable of hard work focused work disciplined work and I've learned a lot of skills over the years through employment and that doesn't even cover my personal skill pursuits. My goal: Find a way to get a full ride to complete competency in the fields I want, go to school as much as I want, create a freelance business unique to me using my identity as power, and empowering my identity, and sustaining myself and not just surviving but thriving - for FREE. Introducing those opportunities and helping people slay their demons, fall in love with their selves, and find a path that is honest to who they are at their core is something I am heavily interested in. I will help people who are coming out of constellations of circumstance similar to my own, which will function as my medium, metric, anchor and fuel.

I am working on a few projects right now revolving around my experience in custody and in recovery. One is called 'Re.Match,' or 'Resource Match.' Individual submits a form that the creator has made, form contains all information required to find user exact matches to their circumstance. Other projects include Second Wind, a social collective designed to function as a social outlet that employs myriad scientific backed methods to go beyond simple mitigation of criminogenic recidivism and relapse factors, and focus on the potentiation of strengthening factors... Rolling Victory Engine... I will also host my workout protocol, which is designed with recovery in mind.

I noticed that a lot of individuals view their legal status as a limitation, but my philosophy has always been converting weaknesses into strengths instead of A) Patching them up by mitigating the weakness, or B) Ignoring your weaknesses and playing to your strengths. By structuring and logging my inquiries, my notes, my thought process, the details of my life, the resources - everything - I am creating the raw material with which I can produce a great many things... essentially providing everything that has led me to be able to confidently slaughter fentanyl addiction and become a high energy, disciplined, focused and excited-to-be-alive human being again. 

I can only hope that by driving ahead at full velocity at my current vector, with persistent calibration to ensure I'm upholding what I stand for in as many of my activities as possible ; hopefully I can mend any wounds I've caused alleviate the suffering of anyone I can, and teach individuals as I learn to integrate their suffering into power through healing - the power of unconditional love. With honor, respect, and adoration for all beings, I do these things. I will engage the pressure until it crumbles. For Love and Justice, in the name of the Moon! Lux Illuminate Destiny.